Add note on avoiding identity collisions (#84)
tlswg/external-psk-design-team: draft-ietf-tls-external-psk-guidance.md

the application's external PSK usage will typically take precedence over the internal
session resumption path.

> Since resumption PSK identity is assigned by the TLS stack implementation,

Reviewer: I think either "the resumption PSK identity is assigned" (add "the") or "resumption PSK identities are assigned" (pluralize), but we can probably count on the RFC Editor to catch that.

Author: ```suggestion
Since resumption PSK identities are assigned by the TLS stack implementation,
```
